Require AbstractContainer for HERD container args; drop dead object_id string option (#1514)
hdmf-dev/hdmf: CHANGELOG.md

- `HERD.add_ref` no longer warns when an `entity_uri` is provided for an already-existing `entity_id` and the URI matches the stored one. The entity tables are normalized, so re-passing the same `entity_uri` (common when annotating many objects or files with the same entity) is harmless; a warning is now emitted only when a *different* `entity_uri` is provided, in which case the existing URI is kept. @bendichter [#1513](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/1513)

### Fixed

> - Removed the never-functional `str` (object_id) option from the `container` argument of `HERD.add_ref`, `HERD.add_ref_termset`, `HERD.get_key`, and `HERD.get_object_entities`; these methods now require an `AbstractContainer` and reject a string with a clear type error. @rly [#1514](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/1514)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the broken `str` (object_id) option from the `container` argument of `HERD.add_ref`, `HERD.add_ref_termset`, `HERD.get_key`, and `HERD.get_object_entities`; these methods now require an `AbstractContainer` and reject a string with a clear type error. @rly [#1514](https://github.com/hdmf-dev/hdmf/pull/1514)
```
